What's up guys!
Just want to say huge thanks to Xiaomi for partnering with us to make this video
Xiaomi is actually behind some of the world's coolest tech like these superfast charging power banks
or these really awesome portable electric scooters
We're actually gonna be doing giveaway so stay tuned to the end of the video to find out how you can win one of these
for now, enjoy this video!
Hey guys, it's officially summer break we're outside soaking up the sun
We got our mimosas here. Cheers, and I'm just living.. wait... Oh, no!
What's wrong?
-My battery's low can I use your external battery for a second?
What percent you at?
That was the most hurtful thing you've ever asked me. I'm at 10%
Talk to me at 3.
Girl, give me a charge!
Ugh! You know, you are what's wrong with this generation. So concerned about your social media and your gadgets
why can't you just sit back and enjoy this beautiful day?
It's dead.
No!
Ugh, it wasn't charging mine either. What are we gonna do?
There's Ray, he always has so much techy stuff. I'm sure he'll have an extra battery
What's up, ladies?
I have so many questions, but first we need to charge our phones. Do you have an external battery?
Yeah? I have five
Thank God!
...at home.
Ugh can't you just... scooter back?
I will not put extra wear and tear on my baby.
Let's just ask someone here.
There
It's... beautiful
All right, I'm going for it.
Hey, hey ask for us too.
Man, you're on your own.
Hey! Mind if I sit here?
Sure, go ahead.
Cool
Oh! What book are you reading?
Uhm? It's just a legal thriller
Oh! Lawyers...
What are the charges?
What?
Assault on battery
Mm. I'm gonna go ahead and move over... over there... the sun
it's... shifting... Nice to meet you!
Not it's not though..
Damn it
What was that?
I couldn't have been any clearer
Let me try
Hey! I've got charm
What a cool guy!
Well?
Well what?
The battery?
Oh shoot! My bad, I completely forgot to ask. He saw my scooter and he has one also so we ended up talking about that.
He used to be a pro skater, too. What a guy...
Ugh! Okay, this is ridiculous. I didn't want to resort to this but...
Hi! I'm Michelle. I couldn't help, but notice you over here, you're just so cute, you know
Bricen, nice to meet you. Yeah, I think I saw you over there with your other friend.
I don't know her
Hey, what's this?
Oh, uhm...
Me? Is this for..? Me? Aha?
He's packing his stuff we scared him away
Hey! Sorry, I'm late guys. What's going on? You look super creepy huddled here like this
All of our phones are about to die
so we're trying to get this guy over here to let us use this external battery for a second
We tried being friendly, we tried flirting,
hilarious puns. Nothing's worked on him
Well let me show you how it's done
Hi!
Oh hi
The reception is terrible here, huh?
Tell me about it. I've been on 4G for the past hour
Gegegeeez that sucks
Well I've got a mobile hotspot if you want to use it..?
Really? Sure, yeah, that'd be great!
Oh no, it's...
out of battery!
Wait! Here... you can charge it with my power bank!
Perfect!
What a match we are huh? You keep sending me electricity, I'll keep sending you signals
My name is Donna by the way.
Bryson. What's your password?
Rain drops hot spot.
No. I meant, to your heart.
Oh, I like what you're networking with!
Wi-Fi...t the inevitable
Did you want to grab by to eat cuz I'm on my way out anyways?
Yeah!
Cool, cool sounds good! I actually know this awesome a little burger place.
I thought you'd never ask!
It's the best. It's got...
What the hell just happened?
I thought my puns where way better
Dating is weird nowadays
Well hope you guys like that video! I think we can all relate to the frustration of having a phone that is not charged.
Again, thanks so much to Xiaomi for making this video happen! You can check out their power bank Pro
and the electric scooter on Amazon, in the links below
As you guys saw in the video the power bank pro is perfect for when you're on the go,
it stores a lot of power it can charge like an Android phone two and a half times
or an iPhone 7 like four times, on one charge
And also the electric scooter is a ton of fun! It's lightweight and portable, easy to carry around
it can go up to 15 miles per hour and last up to 18,6 miles
So be sure to follow Xiaomi online! Follow their Instagram and Facebook and all their socials to find out more about their products
We're actually going to be doing a giveaway of some of these scooters and the batteries on our Instagram
so head over to our Instagram page to find out how you can win one of these babies.
For now, see you later!